# Random Python Scripts for extremely specific purposes
These are Python scripts I've made (or vibe-coded) throughout the years to automate the boring stuff.

## Anisearch Index Scraper

Scrapes anime titles from searches and exports them to an Excel spreadsheet. Very useful when you want to make a list of anime based on particular metadata, like anime available on X platform, or with Y combination of genres.

Made in April 2024.

## Extract mp3.com Artist Metadata

Creates a spreadsheet of metadata from all the artists on [the mp3.com archive](http://mp3-2003.computer-legacy.com/). What for? Who knows!

Made in September 2023.

## Extract URLs

Likely the most superfluous script ever made. There's likely a million variations of this one. It merely extracts all the URLs from a website based on a specified URL pattern using regex. Particularly useful when aiming to get specific things from a website (like all links to a PDF).

Made in September 2023.

## MP3 list to XLSX

This is probably made superfluous by software like Mp3Tag. Regardless, it creates a spreadsheet based on all the metadata of all the .mp3 files present in a folder. Can likely be modified to work with .flac and other formats. Useful if you want a list of metadata for your unordered music folder? I guess?

Made in 2022.

## Tags Text Rename

Had no better name for this. It is also extremely specific. What it does is rename image files based on text files exported from a custom ComfyUI node with metadata tags for images generated by the [ComfyUI WD14 Tagger](https://github.com/pythongosssss/ComfyUI-WD14-Tagger). What for? So that these tags can be used on those images on [Hydrus](https://hydrusnetwork.github.io/hydrus/). If someone finds this useful, I will die happy.

Made in October 2025.
